[ZT] Point to up-to-date Kubernetes example (#6658)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-apps/install-and-setup/deploy-cloudflared-replicas.md

{{<Aside type="note" header="Deploy replicas with Kubernetes">}}
  

> For information about running `cloudflared` instances in a Kubernetes deployment, refer to the [tutorial](/cloudflare-one/tutorials/many-cfd-one-tunnel/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information about running `cloudflared` instances in a Kubernetes deployment, refer to our guides for tunnels managed [remotely via the dashboard](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-apps/deployment-guides/kubernetes/) or [locally via the CLI](/cloudflare-one/tutorials/many-cfd-one-tunnel/).
```
